    /*
    FinalAssignment tasks:
    
    Update: readfile is now much shorter and less complecated. This task was
    done my Abraham Avila. sentence counting is done

    object for main will be hash
    *1. (Abraham) Hash table comprising of Open hasing with chaining (I-VI) 

        1. Answer (b) and (c) in assignment spec  

    *2. (Ari) Linear probing (VII-XII)

        1 Answer question (a), (c), and (d) in assignment spec

    *3. (Connor) In IX, user must be prompt to do a word search, and use the Rabin-Karp pattern
        matching and Horner's rule for the rolling hash. Display the word count and positions 
        of the word from the user. This covers (f) in the assignment spec

    /4. (Ari)Word ranking the top 80 words by occurences (most and least). Capitalization does not matter
        and Double hyphen "--" must be removed. All outputs are streamed to a file from command 
        line argument. This covers (g) and (h) assignment spec

    /5. (Abraham) Develope the main driver program function that is menu driven (0) to terminate and (99) 
        to output everything. This will take in a command line argument of the input file and 
        output file.
    
    *6. (everyone: use global int variable)(solved by Abraham Avila using readFile) Develope 
        sentence counting function. Be sure to clearly define what is a sentence and consult
        team if definition works. This covers (i) in the 
        assignment spec

    /7. (Connor) Demo presenter when assignment is turned in and is responsible for turning in the 
        assignment. This task will be responsible for testing edge cases or errors and 
        addressing them (debugger). 
    
    For each task, these must be reported:
        1. Did you use a .h file to achive the tasks? (e) in spec
        2. Make sure to label your section when outputing to the file
        3. Everything will be output lower case except for Section title 
        4. report runtime in nansec (exception: task 6). (j) in spec
    
    Note: will consult with sherine about (k) in spec
    */